right left okay
all right so that was easy except for
her and me
the next thing we're going to do is on
the second row the second row you're
going to save the direction the arrow is
pointing but you're going to throw your
arms in the complete opposite direction
all right so if it says up you have to
go up down all right and we're at the
same pace
okay I don't care but the arrows I just
my stomach could rub my head in shame
now all right
on the last one there's a point apology
for dogs training just a second
on the last one starting right to left I
mean
with colors when you see it color be it
put the word under it is different so if
it's blue and it says read them you know
anyway what this means is this all
associates to the creative process to
creativity here's how the bottom line if
everybody's doing their own thing then
nobody's special everybody's special if
everybody's special nobody's special
right okay on the middle line the whole
idea between creepy behind creative
thought is take two things that do not
go together that makes your brain who
felt really stupid when I said what you
had to do it was like oh no not that
anything that matching to do this
together that don't go together one of
the things I say is if it's in there's
if there's discomfort in the room
creativity is present and that's why
make lots of money and retired so you
see the Negro two things together it's
hard on the top row though that's what
we call pattern thinking everybody
thinks the same we all felt very
comfortable the top row right we can all
do that we're all idiots yeah I can do
that I'm comfortable with that is that
creative absolutely not
the real creative person is the person
who doesn't mind the challenge of the
second row and is willing to go against
everybody else in the talk and speak up
in a meeting and say things that might
make the room feel uncomfortable do you
guys understand that's what we're doing
in sandbox whatever they're whether it's
video film design anything photography
graphics that's what you have to be like
if you're going to be special out there
so think differently and try to try to
try to show up and do a great job and
make people feel uncomfortable and
remember have people like spray-painting
graffiti all over campus macaque signals
that's not a coolest guy on campus
you should be taking this class that
mean all of MSU impeccable
okay anyway welcome to the sandbox you
guys it's really going to be special and
you're only the second year of this so
it should be pretty cool